docs: add example YAML for workflow_dispatch (#358)
github/docs: content/actions/reference/events-that-trigger-workflows.md

 To trigger the custom `workflow_dispatch` webhook event using the REST API, you must send a `POST` request to a {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} API endpoint and provide the `ref` and any required `inputs`. For more information, see the "[Create a workflow dispatch event](/rest/reference/actions/#create-a-workflow-dispatch-event)" REST API endpoint.

##### Example

> To use the `workflow_dispatch` event, you need to include it as a trigger in your GitHub Actions YAML. The example below only run a GitHub Action when it's manually triggered:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the `workflow_dispatch` event, you need to include it as a trigger in your GitHub Actions workflow file. The example below only runs the workflow when it's manually triggered:
```
